By harsh Raj 😂😂
You guys do not notice that we are gifted just by being humans
We are absolute predators
We do not even have any enemies
Maybe there are other animals watching us
and thinking that someday “we will beat them down”
Oh We have the brains to think hard
Wear our favorite clothes
We are at no doubt human beings
Many small lives
They were born
with the fate
of dying for someone
A human baby
When will they find out
that at the point they were born, we are
winners of Earth
aa hitori naiteita tonari no kimi ga toikakeru
dakara bokura yorisoi ikiru kirameku made
For what have I been living for？
When will I find out the answer？
An answer that is only for you
What will myself and (the) first scenery I saw
Look like？
It's my face, my face
Shut up! I read this inside the book I read before
According (to) Maslow
There are five steps (in a) human's desire
To live a long long life to stay safe and to receive
love from others
To get respect from
others, To get closer
to your ideal
That's what it said
No matter how hard other animals try,
they probably can't go over the first step
That is how intelligent we are and, (an animal) filled with greed
But that is probably why we can still live
on the top of the food chain
in this blue planet although we have weak bodies
aa mata kimi no me ni itsumo no asa ga utsurikomu
nagareru namida ga kieteyuku
For what to live for
Think deeply as you live yeah
Cuz you humans are (the) only ones that can do this on Earth
atarashii kotae o
What is it that you want to get in your right hands?
Let me hear
Tell me your new answer
Prove that you are different from monkies
If there is nothing to crave for, humans will die in a way
Don't you think so too？
Let me hear, Let me hear, Let me hear